Breaking change: `dotnet nuget verify` outputs CRL and OCSP URLs (.NET 10.0.400 SDK) (#53563)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-nuget-verify.md

The `dotnet nuget verify` command verifies a signed NuGet package.
In .NET 10 and later versions, the command also outputs the package's content hash, which might be useful to investigate lock file validation errors.

> In .NET 10.0.400 SDK and later versions, the command also outputs the Certificate Revocation List (CRL) and Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP) URLs for each certificate in the signature chain. For more information, see the [breaking change notice](../compatibility/sdk/10.0/dotnet-nuget-verify-crl-ocsp-urls.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In .NET 10 and later versions, the command also outputs:

- The package's content hash, which might be useful to investigate lock file validation errors.
- The Certificate Revocation List (CRL) and Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP) URLs for each certificate in the signature chain. For more information, see the [breaking change notice](../compatibility/sdk/10.0/dotnet-nuget-verify-crl-ocsp-urls.md).
```

  `Author/Repository Certificate -> SHA-256 hash`| ❌       | ✔️          | ✔️         | ✔️         | ✔️
  `Author/Repository Certificate -> Validity period`| ❌       | ✔️          | ✔️         | ✔️         | ✔️
  `Author/Repository Certificate -> Service index URL (If applicable)`| ❌       | ✔️          | ✔️         | ✔️         | ✔️
  `Author/Repository Certificate -> CRL URL (If applicable)`| ❌       | ✔️          | ✔️         | ✔️         | ✔️

>   `Author/Repository Certificate -> OCSP URL (If applicable)`| ❌       | ✔️          | ✔️         | ✔️         | ✔️

Reviewer: @copilot apply changes based on [this feedback](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/pull/53563#discussion_r3190732208)
